Bpf120 dolt insurance pitch (#7)
dolthub/cold-marketing: 01-24-2023-dolt-insurance-pitch.md

---

Email #1
*Subject* MySQL Database Insurance

Hello,

> Everyone has horror stories about a database broken by a bad query. A single mistake breaks your application for hours, days, or even months. Just google what happened to Atlassian or I'd be happy to send some links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone has horror stories about a database broken by a bad query. A single mistake breaks your application for hours, days, or even months. Just Google what happened to JIRA at Atlassian or I'd be happy to send some links.
```

Dolt solves this problem with a special type of replica you add to an existing MySQL deployment. No migration required. You get an audit log of every cell, time travel, and branch for development on a replica. No risk to production. Imagine how much easier life would have been at Atlassian if they had one of these.

Contact us to learn more about how Dolt replication can safeguard your database.

#siganture

Email #2
Follow up to #1

Hi,

I'm sure you are busy making sure someone doesn't crash your prod database. Let me know if you'd like to learn how a version controlled MySQL database can make you worry less about a bad query.

#signature

Email #3

Hi,

> What if you could have oh sh*t insurance for your MySQL database? You'd know longer have to worry about a single mistake disrupting the functionality of your production database and the time it takes to recover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What if you could have oh sh*t insurance for your MySQL database? You'd no longer have to worry about a single mistake disrupting the functionality of your production database and the time it takes to recover.
```

Dolt replication of your MySQL database gives you that insurance. You get an audit log of every cell between versions, time travel, and branch for development on a replica. No risk to production.

Let me know if you want learn more about version controlling your MySQL backups.

#signature

Email #4
Follow up to #3

Hello,

> I'm sure you are busy. I'm bumping my first email. I thoought you should know that a solution exists that makes it easy to version control your exsiting MYSQL database to make your backups more powerful with an audit log of every cell, time travel, and branches for developemnt on a replica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm sure you are busy. I'm bumping my first email. I thought you should know that a solution exists that makes it easy to version control your existing MySQL database to make your backups more powerful with an audit log of every cell, time travel, and branches for development on a replica.
```

 Let me know if you'd like to talk our CEO and founder about this. 

#signature 

Email #5

*New Subject* A bad query in prod
Hello,

Are you running a MySQL type database and worried about what happens when an admin runs a destructive query?

It can cause the deletion, modification, or alteration of data in the database. This can result in data loss, data corruption, or other problems that can disrupt the functionality of the database and the systems that depend on it.

Add a Dolt replica and stop worrying. You get an audit log of every cell between versions, time travel, and branch for development on a replica. No risk to production.

#signature

Email #6
Follow up to 5

Hey,

Just bumping my previous email, I thought it might be releveant you how you can worry less about a mistake on your production database with version controlled backups. 

Shoot me note if you'd like to learn more.

#siganture

Email #7

*New Subject*  Better Database Backups

Hi,

> Your MySQL backups aren't working as hard they could be. What happens where there is a destructive query? You can restore to certain point in time but you lose all of the work between your current state and whatever backup you restored from. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your MySQL backups aren't working as hard they could be. What happens when there is a destructive query? You can restore to certain point in time but you lose all of the work between your current state and whatever backup you restored from. 
```

Email #1
*Subject* MySQL Database Insurance

Hello,

Everyone has horror stories about a database broken by a bad query. A single mistake breaks your application for hours, days, or even months. Just google what happened to Atlassian or I'd be happy to send you some links.

> Dolt solves this problem with a special type of replica you add to an existing MySQL deployment. No migration required. Turn it on and every transaction commit on your production MySQL instance becomes a Dolt commit on the Dolt replica. You get an audit log of every cell, time travel, and branch for development on a replica. No risk to production. Imagine how much easier life would have been at Atlassian if they had one of these.

Reviewer: Cold folks aren't going to understand "becomes a Dolt commit on the Dolt replica"

> Dolt solves this problem with a special type of replica you add to an existing MySQL deployment. No migration required. Turn it on and every transaction commit on your production MySQL instance becomes a Dolt commit on the Dolt replica. You get an audit log of every cell, time travel, and branch for development on a replica. No risk to production. Imagine how much easier life would have been at Atlassian if they had one of these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dolt solves this problem with a special type of replica you add to an existing MySQL deployment. No migration required. Turn it on and every transaction commit on your production MySQL instance is preserved on your replica. You get an audit log of every cell, time travel, and branch for development on a replica. No risk to production. Imagine how much easier life would have been at Atlassian if they had one of these.
```

#signature

Email #3

Hi,

What if you could have oh sh*t insurance for your MySQL database? You'd know longer have to worry about a single mistake disrupting the functionality of your production database and the time it takes to recover.

Dolt replication of your MySQL database gives you that insurance. Turn it on and every transaction commit on your production MySQL instance becomes a Dolt commit on the Dolt replica. You get an audit log of every cell, time travel, and branch for development on a replica. No risk to production.

Let me know if you want learn more about Dolt.

#signature

Email #4
Follow up to #3

Hello,

I'm sure you are busy. I'm bumping my first email. I thoought you should that solution exists that makes it easy to version control your exsiting MYSQL database to make your backups more powerful with an audit log of every cell, time travel, and branches for developemnt on a replica.

Please let me know if you'd like to talk our CEO and founder about this. 

#signature 

Email #5

> *New Subject* A bad query on pord

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*New Subject* A bad query in prod
```
```suggestion
*New Subject* A bad query on pord
```

#signature

Email #9

*New Subject* Database Horror Stories

Hi,

> Everyone has or atleast heard of a database horror story. A bad query corrupts data, an operator error drops a table, or maybe script is update the wrong tables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone has or at least heard of a database horror story. A bad query corrupts data, an operator drops a table, or maybe script updates the wrong tables. 
```
```suggestion
Everyone has or atleast heard of a database horror story. A bad query corrupts data, an operator error drops a table, or maybe script is update the wrong tables. 
```
